Add concept 'array-transformations' and improve the concept's exercise (#1388)
exercism/javascript: concepts/array-transformations/introduction.md

> # Introduction

Reviewer: The content of this file should be copied into about.md as well.

# Introduction

> In javascript, it is very common to work with arrays. That explains why there are a lot of builtin methods to easy this operations. Some of them are used to transform the array into another array, a number, an object etc... We'll call these operations "transformations".

Reviewer 2: Seems to me that this should read differently:

> That explains why there are a lot of builtin methods to easy this operations

Just not sure how :-)

Among the most commons, we can find :

- `map`:

Create a new array by transforming each element according to a function passed as an argument.

```javascript
let arr = [1, 2, 3, 4];

function decrement(value) {
  return value - 1;
}

arr.map(decrement); // [0, 1, 2, 3]
```

This function is pure, meaning that it does not modify the original array.

> It is worth noting that the resulting array will always be of the same length as the original

- `filter`:

Creates an array by filtering the current one, given a filtering function (that returns true if the element should be kept and false if it should be removed)

```javascript
let arr = [1, 2, 3, 4];

function isOdd(value) {
  return value % 2 === 0;
}

arr.filter(isOdd); // [2, 4]
```

This function is also pure.

- `reduce`:

> Using an "accumulator", reduces the array in a single value by applying for each element of the array a function that takes as parameters the accumulator and the current element and returns the new accumulator.

Reviewer 2: do you think that there should be a different way of saying how each element is operated on? I found myself getting tripped up when I saw `for each` :-)

> applying for each element of the array

Author: Good point :+1:. I took this opportunity to rewrite the sentence, what do you think?

```suggestion
Reduces the array to a single value using a function that takes as parameters an "accumulator" and the current element of the array. This function instructs how the current element must be merged into the accumulator and returns the accumulator that will be used on the next iteration.
```

Reviewer 2: That is easier to read and follow along with. Thanks for the update.
